SK60 CREW - DCS SERVER OPERATOR

Run this on the SAME Windows computer and Saved Games profile as your DCS
multiplayer server. No separate hosting subscription or domain is needed.
An internet-reachable address is required, just as for your DCS server.

ONE-TIME SETUP
1. Save SK60 Crew Server.exe in a folder (extract it first if supplied in a zip).
   Close DCS and open the exe. No companion files are required.
   Python is not required.
2. Choose the Saved Games profile used by this DCS server instance.
3. Enter the public hostname or IPv4 address plus port, for example
   your-actual-public-address:10660. Use 10660 as the listening port, or choose
   another unused port. The public and listening port must match in this build.
4. Click Install / update server hook. Existing files are backed up.
5. Allow TCP 10660 (or your chosen port) through the host firewall. Forward it
   on the router if required. This is additional to the ordinary DCS port.
   The app does not change firewall/router settings for you.
6. Click Start server, then start/restart the DCS multiplayer server.
7. Look for 'DCS hook active' in SK60 Crew Server. Keep both programs running.

PLAYERS
Players install SK60 Crew and the matching aircraft overlay once. They join DCS
and take their seats. The server announces the connection privately and pairs
the two occupants of each SK60 automatically. Several aircraft can fly at once.
The left seat sends snapshots; right-seat NAV, radio and transponder commands
are permitted. Engine start remains left-seat only. J handover is not yet supported.

If you also fly from the hosting PC, install/run the PLAYER application too in
the same DCS profile. Both applications can run together. A local route is used
for the listen-server pilot instead of requiring router NAT loopback.

The dedicated server does not generate cockpit snapshots: the pilot's client does.
No SK60 cockpit installation is required by this relay's server-side installer.
Normal aircraft/mission requirements imposed by DCS are separate.

OPERATION
- The server uses encrypted TLS with an automatically generated certificate.
  Clients check its SHA-256 fingerprint delivered by the joined DCS server.
  No certificate purchase, registration or central relay is needed.
- Seat credentials change on slot changes, mission changes and relay restart.
- A stale/missing DCS roster closes active connections after a four-second lease.
- Leave/rejoin and client network reconnects create a fresh synchronization
  generation. Historical co-pilot commands are not replayed.
- Support is limited to static numeric DCS slot IDs and second-seat IDs ending
  in _2 (cockpit crew index 1). Unknown slot formats and other aircraft fail closed. Dynamic slots need
  DCS validation and a separate mapping before they can be supported safely.
- Limits: 256 authenticated roster seats, 256 active connections, 16 connections
  per source IP. Relay/host capacity and real-flight bandwidth need load testing.
- Keep Config/SK60CrewServer private: it contains the certificate key and tickets.
  Do not publish that directory, private machine announcements, or route files.
- Restart the relay if the public address changes. Players update automatically
  after a fresh server announcement; no per-player address editing is needed.

HEADLESS SOURCE USE
After setup, Python with cryptography installed can run:
  python server_host.py --profile "C:/Users/you/Saved Games/DCS.server"
The packaged GUI is intended for manually managed servers. Automatic Windows
service installation/startup is not implemented in this version.

TEST STATUS
The live client list shows DCS name, aircraft slot, seat and Waiting/Paired status.
Names come from the local DCS server hook. Install / update server hook and restart
DCS after upgrading this program to enable player names. An older hook displays
Player <ID> as a fallback. Paired indicates relay connectivity, not verified panel
rendering. Disconnected/revoked clients disappear automatically.

This is an experimental implementation. Mock DCS hooks and real TLS sockets are
tested automatically; two-player DCS flight testing is still required. In
particular validate slot suffixes, private-chat callback behavior, hook coexistence,
late joining, native radio state and visual panel coverage in your DCS build.
